Even so
He is Konoha's boyfriend after all
If so, everyone will give me face
How about writing this off?
You are obviously favoring Zhao Konoha
Since Brother Gu said so
Only the reason to disagree is good
Today is the reunion
Everyone hasn't seen you in a long time
Be sure to continue this classmate's shadow
Don't talk about unhappy things.
Of course.
Oh, by the way, Gu Xiong
I heard that you are in charge of Beihai on behalf of Wuji Store
It must be very popular in the store
If there is any big project in the future
But think of my brother and I, the United Chamber of Commerce?
Definitely. Definitely.
In fact, in the store these years
I didn't get much credit for that.
You put me in such a high position this time
Neither did I.
Brother Gu, you are humble
With the power of my brother
It will rise step by step in the future
Bright future
Waiter serves wine
Let's toast my aunt together
Don't shout
I brought a bottle of Peerless Aging this time
Here you are.
Peerless Aging
You don't know.
This unparalleled aged wine is a fine wine brewed by Wuji Electric
The King of Baijiu
Every bottle is priceless
Isn't that more expensive than gold?
It's just that the output of this matchless aging is rare
It's not for sale.
Except for the man with the inorganic sword
You can taste it.
There are only a few kings
And some of the top financial giants
To drink
But today because I can't
We can taste such fine wine
Thanks a lot.